welcome to this the first edition of the
break stuff and then give it away as a
competition prize show now first up for
the show is this the a data SH 93 now a
day to claim that this is a ruggedized
hard drive enclosure with a hard drive
inside it and which can take a bit of
knocking a bit of bashing and still
carry on ticking just like Timex so we
learned a little bit further into it one
of the press release is said that it was
tested two military standard 810g
decided to have a look into what
military standard 18 if actually is and
I downloaded here the Department of test
method standard for environmental
engineering considerations and
laboratory tests and this is military
STD standard 8 10 f so this is the
actual testing that they need to go
through and there's not actually all
that much in there so we did Nick well
that's not all of it you're kidding me
this is military standard eight ten have
a certain and they tested it to this yep
have to go through that okay right okay
so we're gonna have a quick look through
see what military standard 8 to 10 if
actually means and then we'll get on
with testing the a day to drive right
Nick I'm sorry story three tests this
please go read the word in three days
man it's nearly net got it right hey
that's a little coffee coffee
Boop what okay where's the top of it
okay right now all right so of course
where is it hey there is in here I've
lost the page now it was in here
somewhere there is face right okay yeah
so the first test that we're going to be
doing with the a data SH 93 is the drop
test where according to this means that
we drop it from a height of between 24
and 48 inches as shown on you see
section 52 a dash 13 paragraph B picture
for Lou your face yesterday oh no no
this is 50 6 45 that's the one has got a
good one here appears Paris okay so
basically what we're going to do is
we're going to simulate the vibration
excited a drive signal to get a typical
test item response as you can see here
and this is going to be from a range
between 24 and 48 inches so that's going
to be prevent their to up there and then
we're going to move on to salt morphine
which was here and various other tests
as well all within the strict conformity
of military standard 810g a fat soon on
for the next installment of testing
stuff until it breaks and then giving
away as a competition prize show when
will actually be dropping the a day to
sh 93 to see what it can actually
survive Luke catch well there we go it's
definitely survived that test